TEAM VOYAGE Group Logs and activities:

4/21 - 4/27: Stephanie tried to organise meetings regarding A3 and had a meeting with Glen Bonham and Anthony Hudd to discuss the start of A3.

4/28: Anthony began to edit the A3 document 

4/29: Stephanie created a Zoom meeting to discuss plans with the group, she also uploaded a business model canvas as a draft.

4/29: Anthony and Stephanie decided what tasks Jack and Glen needed to complete as they were unable to make it to the meeting.
The tasks assigned were finishing off the roles, tools and technology and groups and communications sections

5/3: Glen and Jack discussed amongest themselves to get the tasks assigned to them completed.

5/4: Glen and Jack both uploaded their requird tasks within the Teams group chat.

5/6: Glen and Jack were having communication issues reaching out to Stephanie on what needs to be completed.

5/7: Anthony updated Jack and Glen about the last meeting Anthony and Stephanie discussed.

5/8: The team has a teams meeting to discuss what needs to be done, Stephanie wasn't able to make this meeting, so we deligated tasks amongst ourselves waiting to hear back from the tasks Stephanie assigned to herself to complete.

5/8: After the meeting Jack put what needed to be completed as a message within the teams general discussion board.
During the meeting Jack, Anthony and Glen dicussed what each of them would complete:
Jack: Roles and Sills and Jobs
Anthony: Group Processes and Career Plans
Glen: TimeFrame

Also discussed we would give Stephanie until the next meeting before we proceed to do the assignment without her.

5/10: Anthony updated the career plans for the website to fulfil A3 goals.

5/12: Jack uploaded the Skills and Jobs section to the team group disucssion.

5/13: Jack tried to set up a meeting but Glen was unable too as he just got home from work, the group then deicded to have the meeting the following day.

5/14: Jack, Glen and Anthony had a meeting to discuss what needed to be completed for A3 and A5.

Also decided to do the project without Stephanie as she is no longer constactable, Jack also emailed AC to let him know about the situation.

5/14: Anthony uploaded his Project Overview section to the teams group discussion.

5/16: Glen uploaded project mock up plans for our application Voyage.

5/16: Glen uploaded his Plans and Progress and Aims section of the assignemnt.

5/17: Anthony uploaded a storyboard and some scripts for A5.

5/19: Jack collated all the groups information and created an A3 report.

5/21: Anthony added risks,testing, scopes/limits and overview into the Assignment.

5/21: The team (Jack, Anthony and Glen) had a meeting to discuss final loose strings for A3 and A5. 





TEAM VOYAGE!!!












